Adding better docs about interactions (#2018)
DSharpPlus/DSharpPlus: docs/articles/beyond_basics/interactions.md

# Interactions

[Interactions](https://discord.com/developers/docs/interactions/receiving-and-responding#interactions) represent a user interacting with your bot.

> This can happen in different ways. The most prominent case is Application Commands ("slash commands") but also button presses or context menus.

Reviewer: nit?: context menus are also application commands, fwiw

## Recieving interactions

> Discord offers two ways to recieve interactions: Gateway and HTTP webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discord offers two ways to receive interactions: Through the gateway, and via an inbound HTTP webhook.
```

> Currently DSharpPlus only supports the first one but there are plans to also integrate webhooks.

Reviewer: Is this not planned to be merged after #1999? In which case "there are plans to integrate webhooks" would be incorrect.

Author: Currently i plan to merge it first and then add updating this in #1999

> To recieve an interaction you do not have to configure anything and simply register an EventHandler to the `InteractionCreated`event.

Reviewer: Wouldn't hurt to clarify that this refers to *gateway* interactions

Reviewer: also: space between `InteractionCreated` and event

> Additional to that event we have some events that are filtered to provide some convienience:

Reviewer: "In addition to"

> - Buttons and Selectmenues -> `ComponentInteractionCreated`

Reviewer: Select menus, or "dropdowns"

- Modals -> `ModalSubmitted`
- User or Message context menu -> `ContextMenuInteractionCreated`
- Application Commands and autocompletion for those only in `InteractionCreated`

## Handling an interaction

> The baseline is that every interaction has to be acknowledged in some kind in the first 3 seconds after recieving it.

Reviewer: In some kind? Did you mean "in some fashion" (which even then, sounds a bit informal, but not necessarily wrong here)

> The possible responses are dependent on the type of interaction and the desired response.

Reviewer: Perhaps something along the lines of "Available response types vary depending on the type of interaction"?

Also as it stands, should probably be worded as "response types" instead of "responses"

> [!Important]

> > The initial response has to decide if the repsonse should be ephemeral. You cant change this later

Reviewer: missing an apostrophe in "can't", the wording also seems a bit off, but I can't think of a better way to word it :ioa:

Author: I dont know how to reword it either :when:

### Application Commands

> When responding to an application command you can defer your response and extend the window for the interaction to 15 minutes.

Reviewer: nit: Inconsistent capitalization of Application Command

This defered response ("XY is thinking..." in the client) can later be edited to show your desired response.

> ### Messagecomponents

Reviewer: Message Components

> Responding to a message component is pretty much the same as a reaction to a application command. 

Reviewer: Capitalization

> Biggest difference is that you can use the `UpdateMessage` response type to directly update the message the component is located on.

Reviewer: (Should probably note that component interactions specifically use `UpdateMessage` and `DeferredMessageUpdate`)

### Modals

> When responding to a modal you can not respond with another Modal. Also if you want to respond to any interaction with a modal

Reviewer: very very nitpicky here: I would place the more important information (that `modal` responses must be the initial interaction response) at the beginning

> it has to be the first initial response.

Reviewer: Also double positive ("first initial") here

### Autocompletion

> When responing to an autocompletion request you have to respond with `DiscordInteractionResponseType.AutoCompleteResult` and up to 25 results within the 3 second window.

Reviewer: Not ~technically~; there are times where you want to respond with zero items, or not respond at all, if the query doesn't match.

Also very important to note that autocomplete is *not* validated, and users may input arbitrary strings outside of the given options.

Author: > not respond at all, if the query doesn't match

I would argue that this should be never the case. An empty collection says "nothing matched". No response says "Loading options failed"

Reviewer: Well, I did say 'or' :when:, in either case, a good thing to explicitly state, instead of just "up to"

# Interactions

[Interactions](https://discord.com/developers/docs/interactions/receiving-and-responding#interactions) represent a user interacting with your bot.
This can happen in different ways. The most prominent case is "slash commands" but also button presses or context menus.

## Recieving interactions
Discord offers two ways to receive interactions: Through the gateway, and via an inbound HTTP webhook.
Currently DSharpPlus only supports the first one but there are plans to also integrate webhooks.
To recieve an interaction over the gateway you do not have to configure anything and simply register an EventHandler to the `InteractionCreated` event.

> In addition to that event we have some events that are filtered to provide some convienience:

Reviewer 2: convenience

- Buttons and Select menus -> `ComponentInteractionCreated`
- Modals -> `ModalSubmitted`
- User or Message context menu -> `ContextMenuInteractionCreated`
- Application Commands and autocompletion for those only in `InteractionCreated`

## Handling an interaction
The baseline is that every interaction has to be acknowledged in some fashion in the first 3 seconds after recieving it.
Available response types vary depending on the type of interaction.

> [!Important]
> The initial response has to decide if the repsonse should be ephemeral. You can NOT change this later.

### Application Commands

> When responding to an Application Command ("Slash commands" or context menues) you can defer your response and extend the window for the interaction to 15 minutes.

Reviewer 2: context menus

> This defered response ("XY is thinking..." in the client) can later be edited to show your desired response.

Reviewer 2: mention that this includes slash and context menu commands, perhaps? also, deferred

### Message Components
Responding to a Message Component is pretty much the same as a reaction to a application command. 

> Biggest difference is that you can use the `UpdateMessage` response type to directly update the message the component is located on.

Reviewer 2: The biggest difference

> This response type is also deferable with `DeferrredMessageUpdate`.

Reviewer 2: Deferred; i'm pretty sure the adjective should be "deferrable" but not entirely sure

### Modals 
Also if you want to respond to any interaction with a modal it has to be the initial response.

> When responding to a modal you can not respond with another Modal.

Reviewer 2: inconsistent capitalization, 'also' as a sentence start feels unstructured here

### Autocompletion

> When responing to an autocompletion request you have to respond with `DiscordInteractionResponseType.AutoCompleteResult` and zero to 25 results within the 3 second window.

Reviewer 2: Autocomplete instead of Autocompletion would be more consistent with our API naming

> When responing to an Autocomplete request you have to respond with `DiscordInteractionResponseType.AutoCompleteResult` and zero to 25 results within the 3 second window.

Reviewer 2: responding
